(theme music playing)
If you're a leader,
you lead the way.
Not just, uh,
on the easy ones.
You take
the tough ones, too.
A good leader
has to understand
the people that are,
that are under him,
understand their needs,
their desires
or how they think
a little bit.
It seemed like he always
made the right decisions
along the way.
He was a real soldier.
Like some of
the officers, uh,
I don't think
I'd follow them into water,
but, he was,
he was one of the best.
He went right in there
and he didn't, uh,
he never
thought of not being first,
or sending somebody
in his place.
I don't know
how he survived...
but he did.
(panting)
(gunshot)
Lew?
Wake up.
They want us
back at regiment.
C'mon, Nix,
get up.
Let's go.
C'mon, something's up,
Strayer's orders.
Okay, go ahead,
I'll be right down.
Let's go, c'mon,
you got 10 minutes.
Go away.
C'mon, c'mon big guy,
let's go.
Ah, leave me alone.
Okay.
C'mon.
Goddammit.
Oh, that's my own piss,
for Christ's sake.
Sonofabitch.
(chuckles)
I mean, we're the only
unit in the group
that's got the Germans
on the German side
of the Rhine.
If we'd have taken Antwerp,
and I'm not saying that
that would have been easy,
we would be over the river,
well supplied,
and have the Krauts
on their heels.
Now, if I can just
get Ike on the phone.
Are you
listening to me?
Hangin' on every word.
Hey, Moose,
you too?
Yeah, whatever's goin' on,
Sink is not happy.
Nixon, Heyliger.
Meet Colonel Dobie
of British 1st Airborne.
Captain Nixon
is our 2nd Battalion S-2.
That's
1st Lieutenant
Moose Heyliger.
Pleasure.
It appears the British
lost 8,000 men
when Market Garden
fell on its ass,
which is why
Colonel Dobie has been tasked
with coordinating
some kind of rescue operation
for the Red Devils
who were trapped
when Arnhem fell.
Dutch Resistance are harboring
140 of my chaps here,
just outside a Jerry-held town
15 miles north of the river.
They'll make their way
to the riverbank
and assemble in the woods
here, tonight.
Strayer:
Pick a team
from Easy Company
and get them back
across the Rhine
as fast as possible.
Heyliger:
140 men?
Dobie:
Canadian engineers
have supplied six boats.
The rendezvous point
is isolated and landable.
I swam it
myself last night.
At approximately
0030 hours
they will signal
the "V" for victory
with a hand-held red torch.
That would be
a hand-held red flashlight.
All right,
we'll call this thing
Operation Pegasus.
Bob, your 2nd Battalion
is on the spot.
Get it done.
Captain Nixon,
assist Colonel Dobie
in every way possible.
If you need anything at all,
you come to me.
I can hardly
ask for more.
Sir.
Captain Winters?
I haven't seen
your endorsement
on the Market Garden
after action report,
or the updated battalion
TO and E, why is that?
I'll have them at CP
1300, sir.
And I want an inventory
on whatever material
the British 43rd
left behind,
Rations,
medical supplies, transport.
An inventory,
yes, sir.
Dick.
Sir.
I'm still waiting
to write citations
on that 5 October operation.
-I need your report.
-The report, yes, sir.
Light a fire
under it, Dick.
Sir.
Now, goddammit,
we asked for this yesterday,
and here it is today,
a day late and a dollar short.
Enemy disposition
and maps in the S-2.
We should
have a look at that.
And you say there's
about a hundred of 'em?
Hashey:
This is it, boys.
Man:
Why don't the Krauts
just take us off?
Hashey:
They'd have
to get across the river,
across the field
and over the dike.
That's a lot
of territory to cover.
Hashey:
Where d'you want us
to go?
You, Hashey?
You get the penthouse.
Thank you.
We're up top.
How bad does it get?
You'll find out.
Well, that's a lot
of territory to cover.
A couple of regular
GI Joes, huh?
You said it.
C'mon.
New guys
giving the replacements
the what for and why is.
I swear one of them
has never shaved.
Yeah... kids.
This is a hell
of a dog, Tab.
Thank you,
there you go.
What'd you call it, Tab?
Trigger.
That's good,
I like that. Trigger.
Got anything on this?
No, it's all quiet.
More:
We've got penetration!
Liebgott:
Alley's hurt,
we need the doc.
Talbert:
All right,
get him on the table.
Talbert:
Yeah, it's Alley.
All right,
I got this.
Easy.
Alley,
you're gonna be okay.
Winters:
C'mon.
Boyle, get Doc Roe.
Where am I?
Something, something happened,
what happened?
Where was it?
Crossroads, where the road
crosses the dike.
If it wasn't
for your loud mouth,
they'd have never known
we was here.
Hey, you know what,
Joe, back off.
Lesniewski, send a runner
for Lieutenant Welsh.
Lieutenant,
assemble me a squad.
Yes, sir, first squad,
on your feet!
Weapons
and ammo only!
Give me room.
Let's move!
Let's go, let's go!
Boyle, get the boots off,
elevate the leg.
Liebgott,
use the sulphur.
All right, let's get this done
quickly, we gotta move,
not too much.
Hey, Alley.
All right.
(gunshots)
MG42?
Yeah.
What the hell
are they shootin' at?
What's down
that road?
Regimental headquarters.
But that's
three miles away.
Why are they giving away
their position?
They ain't as smart
as me and you?
(gunshots)
I think I'll
check it out anyway.
Hold here,
wait for my signal.
Yes, sir.
Holding here.
I'm waitin' for a signal.
(gunshots)
This is our
fallback position, here.
Mortars, deploy here.
First squad, on me.
Go.
(distant shouting)
(typewriter bell dings)
(German chatter)
(gunshots)
Second on the right.
First on the right.
Third on the right.
Nail the machine gun.
Second on the left.
First on the left.
Wait for my signal.
Prepare to fire.
Two rounds.
AG quick.
(German chatter continues)
(gunshots)
(rapid gunfire)
(Germans shouting)
Fall back!
Fire.
(rapid gunfire)
Higgins!
Handful of Krauts,
based on the dike, 12:00!
How many Krauts
are left up there?
I don't know.
But we got
seven in one blow.
Bring on Boyle
and Perconte, go!
C'mon, fall back.
Suppressing fire.
Suppressing fire!
Hashey, Garcia,
follow me.
Harry, tell Peacock
to bring up the balance
of 1st Platoon
on the double!
And another
machine gun squad, over.
Dukeman!
Go get that machine gun
on the right flank, go!
Christenson!
Fuck, Dukeman's down.
Sir, the balance
of 1st Platoon are here.
Gordon and More
brought another .30 cal.
Sir.
They're behind
a solid roadway embankment.
We're in a ditch.
They can outflank us
along the dike
and catch us
out here as soon as
they figure that out.
So, how many Krauts
are we talking about?
Well, there's
a ferry crossing here,
So, it could be
a whole battalion,
as far as I know.
Okay.
What are your orders?
We got no choice.
Here it is.
Talbert, you'll take
10 men along the dike.
Peacock, you'll take 10 men
along the left flank.
I'll take 10 up the middle,
so follow me.
Questions?
Go!
(knocking)
Enter.
I don't know why
I'm still doing this.
What, drinking?
No, hiding it
in your footlocker.
I'm a captain,
for Christ's sake.
Well, why don't you...
why don't you
just give it up?
Drinking?
No, hiding it
in my footlocker.
You're a captain,
for Pete's sake.
Maybe you're right,
Maybe
this is the perfect place
to stop drinking.
Right here on the business end
of the Allied advance.
Cheers.
Dick, you know,
that's not literature.
You just keep it simple.
Try writing it
in the first person plural,
you know.
Say "we" a lot.
Thanks for the tip.
Winters:
Fix bayonets.
Go on the red smoke.
(can explodes)
No, wait,
wait for the signal.
Jesus.
(gunshot)
(shouting commands)
(shouting continues)
C'mon, boys!
Four.
Holy shit!
It's a whole other company!
No shit!
Easy Beaver
to Easy Minor.
Reinforce Easy
at phase one yellow.
Plus one,
strike three.
Fire concentration Charlie.
Drop 200.
Left 100.
Repeat, plus one,
strike three.
Fire concentration, Charlie.
Drop 200. Left 100.
Krauts in the open.
Fire for effect. Over.
Heraus.
Hande hoch.
Schnell, schnell!
(speaking German)
What's he saying?
He's telling me
that they're Polish.
Polish,
don't you believe it.
There ain't no Poles
in the SS!
Move!
Talbert:
Jesus Christ.
Oh, shit!
Luz, send lightning
a contact report.
Boyle!
Get up there
where you can spot the fall
of those rounds, go!
Right, sir.
Incoming rogues!
Easy Company,
take cover!
Boyle's hit!
Jesus Christ,
they got me.
Take cover,
it's German artillery.
Get Boyle, he's down.
C'mon, help me.
Jesus, Captain,
they're SS.
(gunfire)
Joe?
Joe, knock it off.
Goddammit, what?
You're bleeding.
-Ah, it's nothing, Cap'n.
-I want you to take
these prisoners back
to Battalion CP.
Get yourself cleaned up.
Yes, sir.
C'mon, Kraut boys.
Joe?
Yeah.
Drop your ammo.
What?
Are you kidding me,
what are you doing?
Give me your weapon.
Cap'n.
You have one round.
Johnny, how many prisoners
do we have?
We got 11 right now, sir.
Okay.
You drop a prisoner,
the rest'll jump you.
I want all prisoners back
at Battalion CP, alive.
Yes, sir.
"They got me."
You believe that?
You believe I said that?
Can you make it
back to CP?
Yeah.
All right.
I will see you
someplace else.
Take these to Battalion.
And split 'em up.
Yes, sir.
And... hup.
All right.
Here you are.
We had 'em on the run.
-How's that?
-The Germans
were flooding back
towards the ferry crossing
when we hit 'em
with artillery.
It was like
a turkey shoot.
Then they hit us
with their 88s,
zeroed in
on this crossroad.
Now we were lucky,
though.
Only 22 wounded.
Lucky?
Captain Winters?
He's right down there, sir.
All right, carry on.
Paratrooper:
All right, Krauts,
hande hoch.
22 wounded, huh?
You okay?
Yeah. One killed.
Who?
Dukeman.
Well, you're looking
at two full companies
of SS out there.
About 50 dead, probably
another hundred wounded.
Seven back
in the regimental cage
plus a whole string
of 'em up there.
That's not bad
for Dukeman.
You got a drink?
Of water?
Yeah, it's water.
Thanks.
Okay?
Sink:
363rd Volksgrenadier
hit Opheusden
early this morning,
about the same time
your SS made a run
for my CP
down the road.
3rd Battalion got
the hell beat out of 'em.
Holly Horton was killed.
Major Horton's dead?
They hit 2nd Battalion CP
in force.
He was organizing
the defense.
Captain Nixon,
excuse us for just a minute.
How'd you feel about
handling a battalion?
Sir?
I'm moving you up
to Executive Officer
of 2nd Battalion.
Colonel Strayer is...
well, he could use
some help.
Well, I know I could
handle them in the field, sir.
That's right, Dick.
You're a solid tactician
and a good leader.
Don't worry
about administration.
Who do you think'll be
taking over Easy, sir?
Moose Heyliger
can command Easy Company.
-Lieutenant Heyliger
would be my choice, sir.
-Good.
You pack your gear
and c'mon up to Battalion CP.
Yes, sir.
Would you like
some coffee, sir?
Yeah. Thanks, Doc.
All right.
Hey, Dick!
Finish your novel yet?
That's a lot of homework.
And I thought
Executive Officer
was supposed to be a fun job.
Who are you?
Zielinski, sir.
Who is he?
Zielinski's
my orderly.
(whistling)
Well, rank does
have its privileges.
Orderly, huh?
I suppose you do stuff
like get coffee?
Can do, sir.
Black, no sugar.
And a bacon sandwich.
What, you want something?
Bacon sandwich.
You can give that
to Colonel Sink.
With my compliments.
All that
for two pages, huh?
Guess that means
that's gonna take a while.
Yeah, it is.
You want a job?
(chuckles)
There it is.
I think somebody wishes
he were back in charge
of Easy Company, Moose.
Are you two
just here to gloat?
No, just rub it in
a little bit.
Moose is gonna
lead his first mission
as company commander.
Operation Pegasus
is set to go off.
I thought I might
give you the heads up.
Pegasus, yeah.
Yeah, great.
Everybody know their job?
We've drilled
with the boats all day.
Lieutenant Welsh
is coming along,
and the Canadian engineers.
Colonel Dobie
knows his stuff.
Know how many times
you wanna cross the river?
If there really are 140 Brits
in hiding over there,
three trips.
Speed is the key.
What time's jump-off?
We'll be at the far side
of the Rhine at 0100.
Speed is the key.
Keep moving
and lead the way.
Dick.
Easy's in good hands.
Yeah.
Yeah, right.
Well, hang tough.
I could say
the same to you.
Yeah.
Good luck, Moose.
Captain.
Ah, Nix?
Yeah.
Are we sure on
the intelligence of this?
Well, I think
it's pretty good.
Is Easy walking into
another company of Germans
no one can see?
Why don't we ask Moose
when he gets back?
Right, yeah.
Oh, if, ah, they do
run into any trouble,
you'll let me know?
Yeah.
You run into
any bacon sandwich,
do the same, all right?
Yeah.
Private:
Line secure, sir.
Fall back
into position, Private.
Yes, sir.
I got the .30 cal
on the left flank.
Extend it out
to the left, 10 yards.
So, Colonel,
where are they?
Leicester.
Square.
Come on in.
Welcome back, sir.
Good to be back.
Heyliger,
506 of the 101st Airborne.
Never thought I'd be so glad
to see a bloody Yank.
Your show, Colonel.
I'll be back shortly.
Go.
Boats are all
secure, sir.
Bull.
The Brits are on the way,
pass the word.
Sir, you missed
a signature... here.
Moose Heyliger?
That's me, sir.
God bless you, my man.
We're ready to go, sir.
Where's the rest of you?
Right.
And here we all are.
Well, let's go.
Wahai, Mohammed!
(together)
Moose Heyliger
and the American 101st
have done the Red Devils
a great service,
making it possible
for us to return,
and fight the enemy
on another day.
To Easy Company...
victory... and Currahee.
All:
Currahee!
Winters:
I was only Easy's CO
for four months, Moose.
Before that
it was Meehan's company,
before that Sobel's.
Heyliger:
Yeah, but you're
the only combat commander
they've ever known,
and I'm from
another company.
Winters:
You know where
they came from,
you know what
they've been through.
Just hang tough.
Train
your new platoon leaders,
and trust your noncoms.
Man:
Halt!
It's Moose.
(gunfire)
Hold your fire!
Okay, buddy.
Oh, my god.
Send for
Lieutenant Welsh.
Stay awake on me,
stay awake on me, Moose.
Here, look in my eyes.
Send for
Lieutenant Welsh, now!
Okay, okay.
I'm sorry, sir,
I'm so sorry.
I didn't know.
Jesus Christ.
Where
are you from, trooper?
Wyoming, sir.
Well, you're a long way
from home, Private.
-Stretcher!
-I got him, Harry.
-You give him morphine?
-Yeah.
How much?
Oh, I can't remember,
two, three syrettes maybe.
-Three syrettes maybe?
-Yeah.
-Jesus Christ, were you
trying to kill him?
-I think it was two.
You don't think it might
be important to let me know
how much medication
the man has had, huh?
'Cause I do not see
one syrette
on the man's jacket.
I'm sorry, Doc.
Sure is a good thing
he a big man.
Maybe he
stand a chance.
He was in a lot of pain, Doc,
we didn't know what to do.
Yeah, well, you oughta.
You know, you are officers,
you are grownups,
you oughta know.
All right, let's go,
c'mon, move it!
Paratrooper:
Mama, mama, can't you see?
All:
Mama, mama,
can't you see?
Paratrooper:
What the Airborne's
done to me.
All:
What the Airborne's
done to me.
Once more.
Paratrooper:
About face.
Forward march.
Winters:
Easy still has only
65% strength,
and most of those
are replacements,
including
their new CO.
Nixon:
How's Lieutenant Dike doing?
Three weeks in Holland,
the guys are already
calling him Foxhole Norman.
Well, they're talking
about a mid-March action
at the earliest,
so, we train the guys
for three months,
we jump into Berlin,
we end the war.
The only thing
holding together
Easy Company is the NCOs,
Toccoa men.
Sir, there's
a Sergeant Guarnere
here to see you.
Look what
the train brought in.
Hey, the daredevil.
Hiya, Captain.
Welcome back, Bill.
Jesus, it's true.
I never thought I'd see you
behind a desk, sir.
Yeah, and someday
he'll sit behind it.
Well, I just went AWOL
from the hospital
to get back here, sir.
I hope that's not gonna
cause you a problem.
Would you care
if it did?
Not a bit, sir.
Got a letter for you
here from Moose.
Lieutenant Heyliger, sir.
He's recovering,
but it's gonna be a long haul.
Thanks, Bill.
So, I hear there's, uh,
there's gonna be
a football game,
those chumps from
the 5-0 deuce,
is that right?
Oh, yeah,
Christmas Day.
Great,
Sky Train boys.
Can't wait.
Great.
Well, uh...
I'll just go
find some trouble.
You do that.
Hey, Bill.
Yes, sir?
No more
joyriding, right?
Oh, ah,
anybody ever heard
of a little joint
called Lulu's?
You got me.
I'll just ask around.
Well, I guess now's
as good a time as any.
What's that,
a piece of paper?
I don't wanna see
another piece of paper.
General Taylor
has flown back to Washington.
He's left General McAuliffe
in charge of the division.
Colonel Sink is in Rheims
to see Marlene Dietrich.
Marlene Dietrich
is in Rheims?
At the USO.
I'm outta here.
I'm going to Rheims.
Strayer will be in London
for at least another week
for Lieutenant Colonel
Dobie's wedding.
I personally am heading back
to Aldbourne to look up
a certain young lady.
What are you
telling me?
You, my friend,
are headed to Paris.
City of Light.
That's a 48-hour pass.
It's been decided
that you need a little dose
of civilization.
Bon voyage.
I second that.
(French chatter)
Man:
No, the Airborne's
right up there.
The Airborne is
as tough as they come.
...basic training.
That's basic,
basic training.
You know what I did
in basic training?
I had to eat rats.
In basic training.
Well, that's
the first time...
Monsieur?
Monsieur,
c'est la terminus...
(speaking French)
(indistinct chatter)
Every time I look at you,
I see eight or nine of you.
I'll be all right
when I can only see one.
Look at me,
I'm John Wayne.
The costume department
set me up
with these great
Navy whites.
Luz, shut up.
What do you think?
I'm trying to
watch this.
I've seen this movie
13 times, okay?
Well, I haven't,
so, shut up.
Watch the movie,
it's fine.
Hey, Skip.
Shh, c'mon.
Where've you been?
I've been lookin'
all over for you.
Well, Don, I was
at home in Tonawanda,
but then Hitler
started this whole thing,
so, now I'm here.
How'd you make out
in craps?
Not so bad.
Here's the 60 bucks
I borrowed.
You're paying me back?
And, to say thank you...
-Surprising.
-A tip.
Jesus!
Shut up!
I was up six grand,
but I only have 3,600 left.
What are you gonna do
with all that dough?
-Blow most of it in Paris
as soon as possible.
-Gimme a tip.
I don't think that climate
in there agrees with you.
As a matter of fact,
I've been worried about
your health altogether.
Hey, Buck.
You don't look well.
How are you feeling?
Your wounds heal,
all four of them?
You seen this before?
Buck.
Hi.
Is it any good?
Ah, yeah.
It's a real corker.
I warned you about this girl
a month ago.
Oh, won't anybody
give you a light?
Lip, favorite part.
Well, you took the words
right out of my mouth.
Got a penny?
Got a... penny?
What?
Sure,
it's an English penny...
Lights!
C'mon.
Quiet!
You can't
do that to the Duke.
I said, quiet!
Elements of the 1st
and the 6th SS Panzer Division
have broken through
in the Ardennes Forest.
Now, they've overrun
the 28th Infantry
and elements
of the 4th.
All officers
report to respective HQs.
All passes
are canceled.
(groans and chatter)
Enlisted men report
to barracks and your
platoon leaders.
Damn, what a day.
Unbelievable.
Got a light?
Sir?
Lieutenant Peacock, sir.
Have you seen
Colonel Strayer?
Where's
the company commander?
Oh, Lieutenant Dike,
I've been looking for him
all day.
I mean, how is it
that the 4th Army's problem
gets dumped
on the Airborne?
Lieutenant Peacock,
Lieutenant Compton.
Cap'n Winters.
Oh, Lieutenant Dike,
I've been looking for you.
Sir, we have a problem.
Colonel Strayer
has not yet returned
from some wedding
that he's attending in London.
Can you believe that?
We're going to the front.
We're going
to the front here,
and our CO isn't even
in the same damn country.
You have a bigger problem,
Lieutenant Dike.
You have men
returning to action
without proper
cold weather clothing
and not enough ammo.
-Sir?
-I suggest you take a canvass
of the entire base.
Get what materials you have
before you roll out.
-Or have you done
that already?
-No, sir.
K-rations, as many
as you can scrounge.
We don't know
if we'll be resupplied
or not.
-Yes, sir.
-What about ammo?
There is no more ammo.
Distribute it amongst
the men as best you can
so at least everybody
has something.
Yes, sir.
Lieutenant Compton,
Lieutenant Peacock,
inform Lieutenant Shames
of the situation.
Get all your platoons
as best equipped as you can,
and then report back here
to me, understood?
Yes, sir.
Cap'n.
I guess the blackout's
not in effect.
Luftwaffe
must be asleep.
What a difference a day makes,
huh, Lieutenant?
Christ,
I miss those C47s.
We've got
a tailgate jump here.
I just wanna know
where they're sending us,
what the hell
we're supposed to do
with no ammo.
Hey, kid,
what's your name again?
Suerth.
Suerth, uh, Junior.
You got
any ammo, Junior?
Uh, just what
I'm carrying.
What about socks, Junior,
you got extra socks?
A pair.
You need
four, minimum.
Feet, hands,
neck, balls.
All:
Extra socks warms
them all.
Okay, we all
remember that one.
But did we remember
the socks?
Yeah, I'd give
my goddamn boots
for a cigarette.
We're all out
of ammo and socks.
Anybody
got a cigarette?
I bet Junior's got
plenty of both.
I don't.
How about a hat,
you got a hat?
Hey, you got
extra ammo?
What about a coat,
you got a coat?
I need to pee.
How about
some smokes, then?
Yeah, I got some smokes.
Oh, now you're talking.
Hey, hey,
hey, hey.
hey, over here.
Pass 'em down.
Somebody
give me a light.
Keep moving, c'mon.
Keep it coming.
Over to the left.
Keep it moving.
All the way down,
keep moving.
Clear the way,
clear the way.
Keep moving, guys.
All right, guys,
15 minutes.
Smoke 'em
if you got 'em.
Keep warm, guys.
Where the hell
are we?
Sure we ain't in hell.
It's too damn cold.
Hey, stand back, guys.
I've been holding this
for the last hour.
Anybody got
any matches?
Oh, that's better.
Gather round guys,
gather round.
Wait right here,
Don't go anywhere.
Welcome to Belgium.
This area's
known as Bastogne.
Strategic crossroads town.
Seven roads leading in,
seven roads leading out,
which makes it ideal
for Kraut armor.
Now, Ike wants
to make sure that the Krauts
can't use those roads,
so we're gonna put
a perimeter around Bastogne,
dig in tight
as a tick.
2nd Battalion will be deployed
over here to the east
in this wooded area.
Thank God.
Barely made it.
Better get yourself
some ODs, Bob.
Okay.
1st Battalion's to the north
on your left flank.
3rd Battalion's
in reserve.
Andy, let's roll.
Sir, we're a little short
on ammunition.
-How short?
-There was a limited supply
in camp, sir.
Cap'n, you beg, borrow,
or steal ammo,
but you defend
this area.
Yes, sir.
Jesus Christ.
Hey, Bill, Don,
come here, look at this.
Come here,
look at this.
Hold on.
Jesus, I'm done.
What the...
What the hell
is going on?
Hey, you're going
the wrong way.
Hey, pal.
Hey, pal,
what happened?
Where the hell
are you going?
They came out of nowhere.
They slaughtered us.
You gotta
get outta here.
We just got here.
Gimme your ammo.
C'mon.
Take it.
You'll need it.
Go on,
get out of here.
Holy Christ.
Hey, who's got ammo?
You got ammo?
Gimme your ammo.
Who's got ammo?
You got any grenades?
C'mon,
hand 'em over.
Gimme it.
You got grenades?
Got any grenades, Lieb?
Who's got grenades?
Private? Private,
what have you got?
Make a hole!
Hey, make a hole.
I got ammo.
Grab what you can.
Lieutenant,
you're a godsend.
What's the situation?
Well, I heard you guys
were coming in.
There was
an ammo dump, so...
Here.
Is it just you guys
in the 101st?
Looks like.
What hit you fellows?
Everything.
The Krauts had Tigers,
Panthers, SPs, Stukas...
and infantry
that just kept on coming.
What's
your name, Lieutenant?
George Rice,
10th Armor.
Good work, son.
You got any more
mortar rounds, sir?
We're real short.
Well, I'll try to make
another ammo run if I can
but, ah,
don't count on anything.
Thank you, sir,
I'll take this, Cap'n.
A Panzer Division's
about to cut the road south.
Looks like you guys
are gonna be surrounded.
We're paratroopers,
Lieutenant.
We're supposed
to be surrounded.
Good luck.
Thanks.
(theme music playing)